# Client-Server-Development-340

    How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
    I wrote programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by making the code as simple as possible while ensuring it has the required functionality as well as comments throughout the code making it easily updatable and maintainable. CRUD python makes it easy to maintain and use as well as readable with seperate code calling for the CRUD.
    How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
    I approach problems as a computer scienitest by first looking for what is required of the code they are asking too be created and ensuring that I reach those requirements while keeping the code as maintainable and adaptable as possible for future updates. My approach in this projest differed from other work Ive done since I will be utilizing CRUD python which is different from other types of code.
    What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer Scientist design, develop, and analyze software or hardware which is used too solve problems in all sorts of businesses such as Grazioso Salvare who were looking for a easier way to search for dogs that meet their animal rescue training requirements so that they can find good candidates without wasting a huge amount of time going through files which is where we come in with a program that searches through their database for the best candidates based of the requirements they are looking for.
